
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.603636                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2603636076000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2603636076000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 264193                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   336182                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            11426847777                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 395692                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   227.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60197128                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      76599899                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    122683392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            704800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           9050128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            132438832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       704800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          704800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3677504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data        3016072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6693576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      15335424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              17215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             141442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              15494089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           57461                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data            754018                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               811479                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47120023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker            123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker             74                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               270698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              3475957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                50866875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          270698                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             270698                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1412449                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data             1158408                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2570857                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1412449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47120023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker           123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker            74                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              270698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             4634365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               53437732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      15494089                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       811479                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         213984                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                    991621696                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  51934656                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd              132438832                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                6693576                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      336                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite               4510                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                968203                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                968434                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                967969                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                967930                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                967593                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                967540                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                967550                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                967729                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                974541                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                967896                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               968053                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               968056                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               968172                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               968177                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               968121                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               967789                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 50184                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 50353                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 49939                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 49917                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 50620                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 50586                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 50545                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 50763                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 50925                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 50957                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                50984                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                51005                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                51208                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                51196                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                51260                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                51037                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2603631716000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                    6652                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                15335424                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  152013                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::7                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::8                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 754018                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  57461                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::7                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::8                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                 4510                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                  15419657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     56436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                     11795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      2249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      1058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                       797                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                       575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                       386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                       213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                       132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                      117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                      105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                       85                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                       73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                       46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                       23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     35279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     35281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     35281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    35282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    35281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    35281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    35281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    35281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    35281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    35281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    35281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                     3750171610                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              281910621610                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                  61975012000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                216185438000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         242.04                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    13953.07                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      4000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  18195.12                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         380.86                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          19.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  50.87                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   2.57                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.11                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        12.38                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                   15449450                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    784611                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  96.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       159677.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu.inst             8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu.inst            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     14995523                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       7332                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    11230789                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      2203                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                     3487                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                    184                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                       452                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 15002855                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                11232992                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                          26226312                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                            9535                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                      26235847                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                     61491068                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                       4471                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                     2343                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                 61495539                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                          61491068                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                            4471                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                      61495539                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                       5207272152                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    60197128                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      76599899                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              68867725                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  10269                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     2139710                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      7947746                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     68867725                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         10269                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           394752708                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           74175592                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 7493                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2780                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      27393681                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    15659530                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   11734151                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               4579080256.576241                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               628191895.423759                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.120637                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.879363                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                    83000                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.icache.replacements                 855500                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                510.984783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 60635056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                 856012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  70.834353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle            18657050000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     510.984783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.998017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.998017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     60635056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        60635056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      60635056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         60635056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     60635056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        60635056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       856012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        856012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       856012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         856012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       856012                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        856012                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11543876000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11543876000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11543876000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11543876000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11543876000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11543876000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     61491068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     61491068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     61491068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     61491068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     61491068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     61491068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13485.647397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13485.647397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13485.647397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13485.647397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13485.647397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13485.647397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       856012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       856012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       856012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       856012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       856012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       856012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9831852000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9831852000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9831852000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9831852000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   9831852000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9831852000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    288141500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    288141500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    288141500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    288141500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.013921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11485.647397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11485.647397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11485.647397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11485.647397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11485.647397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11485.647397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 627255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                511.914823                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 23654861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 627767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  37.680956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              460735000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     511.914823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.999834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.999834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     13195024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        13195024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      9972994                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        9972994                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       236273                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       236273                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       247672                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247672                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      23168018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         23168018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     23168018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        23168018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       368763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        368763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       250502                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       250502                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        11400                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11400                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       619265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         619265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       619265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        619265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5205933000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5205933000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   8061519000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8061519000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    154593000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    154593000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  13267452000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13267452000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  13267452000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13267452000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     13563787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13563787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     10223496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10223496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       247673                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       247673                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       247672                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247672                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     23787283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     23787283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     23787283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     23787283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024503                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024503                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.046028                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.046028                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14117.286713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14117.286713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 32181.455637                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32181.455637                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13560.789474                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13560.789474                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21424.514545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21424.514545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21424.514545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21424.514545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       596013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            596013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       368763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       368763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       250502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       250502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        11400                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        11400                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       619265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       619265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       619265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       619265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4468407000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4468407000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7560515000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7560515000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    131793000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131793000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12028922000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12028922000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12028922000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12028922000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 182088074500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182088074500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  18708050000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18708050000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 200796124500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 200796124500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.024503                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024503                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.046028                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046028                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12117.286713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12117.286713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30181.455637                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30181.455637                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11560.789474                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11560.789474                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19424.514545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19424.514545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19424.514545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19424.514545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                 61906                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             50893.840705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                 1682733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                127288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                 13.219887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle          2553095647000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks 37868.665520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     3.885586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.001398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   6995.476581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data   6025.811619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.577830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.106743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.091947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.776578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         8702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker         3548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       843788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       370305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1226343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       596013                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       596013                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total           26                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       114418                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       114418                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         8702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker         3548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       843788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       484723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         1340761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker         8702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker         3548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       843788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       484723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        1340761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        10599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         9858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        20465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data         2872                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2872                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       133186                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       133186                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        10599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       143044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        153651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        10599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       143044                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       153651                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       287500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       137000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    536335000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    516987000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1053746500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       460000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       460000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   6102367500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   6102367500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       287500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    536335000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   6619354500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7156114000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       287500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       137000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    536335000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   6619354500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7156114000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         8707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       854387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       380163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1246808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       596013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       596013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data         2898                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2898                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       247604                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       247604                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         8707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       854387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       627767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      1494412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker         8707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker         3551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       854387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       627767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      1494412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.991028                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991028                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.537899                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.537899                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.227862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.102817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.227862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.102817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        57500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 45666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50602.415322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52443.396226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51490.178353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data   160.167131                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   160.167131                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 45818.385566                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45818.385566                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        57500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 45666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50602.415322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46274.953860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46573.819891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        57500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 45666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 50602.415322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46274.953860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46573.819891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        57461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            57461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        10599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         9858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2872                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2872                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       133186                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       133186                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        10599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       143044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       153651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        10599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       143044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       153651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       224010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        98006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    398671075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    388940100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    787933191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     28807316                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28807316                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4371975723                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4371975723                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       224010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        98006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    398671075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4760915823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5159908914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker       224010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker        98006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    398671075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4760915823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5159908914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    197466551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 166694484565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 166891951116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   9175103106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9175103106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst    197466551                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 175869587671                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 176067054222                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.991028                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991028                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.537899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.227862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.227862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        44802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 32668.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37614.027267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 39454.260499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38501.499682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 10030.402507                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10030.402507                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32826.090753                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32826.090753                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        44802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 32668.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37614.027267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33282.876758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33582.006717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker        44802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 32668.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 37614.027267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33282.876758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33582.006717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1052665426345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1052665426345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1052665426345                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1052665426345                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
