
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.182883                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1182883275000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1182883275000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 656929                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   837075                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            12645375755                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 400812                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    93.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    61450949                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      78302298                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd     51904512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           393380                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4708212                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           323164                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          4780336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             62110052                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       393380                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       323164                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          716544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4085888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         17000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       3010344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7113232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd       6488064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             12365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             73638                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              5131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             74719                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               6653924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           63842                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             4250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           752586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               820678                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        43879657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker            54                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker           108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              332560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             3980285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              273200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             4041258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                52507338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         332560                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         273200                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             605761                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3454177                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data              14372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data            2544921                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                6013469                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3454177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       43879657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker           54                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker          108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             332560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            3994656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             273200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            6586178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               58520807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       6653924                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       820678                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         271841                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                    425851136                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  52523392                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               62110052                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                7113232                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      132                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite              11752                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                415519                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                415704                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                415458                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                415464                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                415493                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                415211                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                415304                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                415265                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                422311                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                415383                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10               415455                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11               415586                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12               415355                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13               415574                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14               415386                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15               415324                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 50680                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 50792                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 50611                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 50650                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 51629                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 51413                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 51506                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 51453                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 51654                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 51491                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                51429                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                51462                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                51424                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                51618                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                51455                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                51411                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1182878800500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                    6825                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                 6488064                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  159035                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::7                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::8                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 756836                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  63842                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::7                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::8                      0                       # categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::0                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::1                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::2                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::3                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::4                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::5                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::6                11752                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::7                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.neitherpktsize::8                    0                       # categorize neither packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   6596894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     41002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                     11213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1803                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                       662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                       504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                       410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                       308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                       225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                       169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                      141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                      127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                      108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                      105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                       67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                       40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     35674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     35680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     35681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     35681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     35681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     35682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     35682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     35682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     35682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     35682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    35682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    35682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    35682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    35682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    35682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    35681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    35681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    35681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    35681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    35681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    35681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    35681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    35681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.totQLat                     3569461684                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              123099843684                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                  26615168000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                 92915214000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         536.46                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    13964.25                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      4000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  18500.71                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         360.01                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          44.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  52.51                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   6.01                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        16000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.10                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        15.10                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                    6624970                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    788587                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  96.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       158253.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           48                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            68                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst           48                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           68                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst           41                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               57                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           17                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst           41                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           57                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           41                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              57                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.l2c.replacements                         68922                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     53038.398444                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         1676342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        134082                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                         12.502364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        40183.482743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker       0.000405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker       0.001414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          3728.899373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          4237.689144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker       2.742166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          2823.942801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data          2061.640399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.613151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker      0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.056898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.064662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker      0.000042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.043090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.031458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.809302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         4216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         1874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             419651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             206094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         5524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             464156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             143505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1246934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          571634                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               571634                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            1136                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             575                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1711                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           215                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            99                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               314                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            56997                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            52866                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               109863                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          4216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          1874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              419651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              263091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          5524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          1914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              464156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              196371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1356797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         4216                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         1874                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             419651                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             263091                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         5524                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1914                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             464156                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             196371                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1356797                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             5733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             7859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             5044                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             3621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                22264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          4681                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          3591                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8272                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          561                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          470                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1031                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          67060                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          72161                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             139221                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              5733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             74919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              5044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             75782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                161485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             5733                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            74919                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             5044                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            75782                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               161485                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        69000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        67500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    285527000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    405599500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       247500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    259776000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    211385500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1162672000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     12888997                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     11730499                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     24619496                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1705500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2384500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      4090000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2999097972                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3428190491                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   6427288463                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        69000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        67500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    285527000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3404697472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       247500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    259776000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3639575991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      7589960463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        69000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        67500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    285527000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3404697472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       247500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    259776000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3639575991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     7589960463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         425384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         213953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         469200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         147126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1269198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       571634                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           571634                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         5817                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         4166                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            9983                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          776                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          569                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1345                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       124057                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       125027                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           249084                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          425384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          338010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          469200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          272153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1518282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         425384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         338010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         5528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         469200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         272153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1518282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.013477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.036732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.024612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.017542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.804710                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.861978                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.828609                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.722938                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.826011                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.766543                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.540558                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.577163                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.558932                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.013477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.221647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.010750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.278454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.106360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.013477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.221647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.278454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.106360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        69000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        33750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49804.116518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51609.555923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        61875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51501.982554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58377.658105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52222.062522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  2753.470840                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3266.638541                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2976.244681                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  3040.106952                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5073.404255                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3967.022308                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44722.606203                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 47507.524716                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46166.084592                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        69000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        33750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49804.116518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45445.046944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        61875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51501.982554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 48026.919202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47001.024634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        69000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        33750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49804.116518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45445.046944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        61875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 51501.982554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 48026.919202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47001.024634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               63842                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    63842                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         5732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         5044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4681                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3591                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8272                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          561                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          470                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1031                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        67060                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        72161                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        139221                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         5732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        74919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         5044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        75782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           161484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         5732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        74919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         5044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        75782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          161484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        56002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        42004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    212718377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    304840627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       196008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    195716490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    165149154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    878718662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46986078                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     35996056                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82982134                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5623056                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4727457                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10350513                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2155048026                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2506935370                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4661983396                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        56002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        42004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    212718377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2459888653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       196008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    195716490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2672084524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5540702058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        56002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        42004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    212718377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2459888653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       196008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    195716490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2672084524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5540702058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    197971583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  12452500109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      3031674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 154310795041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 166964298407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1000517750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   8209233939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9209751689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    197971583                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13453017859                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      3031674                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 162520028980                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 176174050096                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.024612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.804710                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.861978                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.828609                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.722938                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.826011                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766543                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.540558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.577163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.558932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.221647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.278454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.106360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.221647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.278454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.106360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        56002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        21002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 37110.672889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38788.729737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        49002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 38801.841792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 45608.714167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39469.912501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10037.615467                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10023.964355                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10031.689313                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10023.272727                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10058.419149                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10039.294859                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32136.117298                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34740.862377                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33486.208230                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        56002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        21002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 37110.672889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32833.976067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        49002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 38801.841792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35260.147845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34311.151928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        56002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        21002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 37110.672889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32833.976067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        49002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 38801.841792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35260.147845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34311.151928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7072907                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      3765                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5658426                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      809                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    1807                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   141                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      204                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 7076672                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5659235                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         12731333                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           4574                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     12735907                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    29570611                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      2205                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    1332                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                29572816                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         29570611                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           2205                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     29572816                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2365766550                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   28872677                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     37219640                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             33106294                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3860                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1241693                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4373343                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    33106294                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3860                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          190095681                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          36231150                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3022                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                840                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     13399479                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7410420                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5989059                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2224930438.354119                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              140836111.645881                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.059531                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.940469                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   46695                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                425420                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               509.627794                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                29144662                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                425932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                 68.425622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle           74931906000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   509.627794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.995367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     29144662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       29144662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     29144662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        29144662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     29144662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       29144662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       425932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       425932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       425932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        425932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       425932                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       425932                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5794628000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5794628000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5794628000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5794628000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5794628000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5794628000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     29570594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29570594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     29570594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     29570594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     29570594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     29570594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13604.584769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13604.584769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13604.584769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13604.584769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13604.584769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13604.584769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       425932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       425932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       425932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       425932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       425932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       425932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4942764000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4942764000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4942764000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4942764000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4942764000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4942764000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    288882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    288882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    288882000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    288882000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11604.584769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11604.584769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11604.584769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11604.584769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11604.584769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11604.584769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                330832                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               453.835370                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                12275735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                331344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                 37.048309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle             462692000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   453.835370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.886397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.886397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6602660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6602660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      5353299                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5353299                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       147927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       147927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       149680                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       149680                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     11955959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        11955959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     11955959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       11955959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       227931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       227931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       141702                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       141702                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9328                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9328                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         7492                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7492                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       369633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        369633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       369633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       369633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3133125500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3133125500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4126730000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4126730000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     88286000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     88286000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44416500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     44416500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7259855500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7259855500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7259855500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7259855500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6830591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6830591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5495001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5495001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       157255                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       157255                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       157172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       157172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12325592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12325592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12325592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12325592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059318                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.059318                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.047668                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.047668                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13745.938464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13745.938464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29122.595306                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29122.595306                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  9464.622642                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9464.622642                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5928.523759                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5928.523759                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19640.712545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19640.712545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19640.712545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19640.712545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       306514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           306514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       227931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       227931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       141702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       141702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9328                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         9328                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7489                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         7489                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       369633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       369633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       369633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       369633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2677263500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2677263500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3843326000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3843326000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     69630000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69630000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29442500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29442500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data         3000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         3000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6520589500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6520589500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6520589500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6520589500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13560077000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13560077000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1128521500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1128521500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  14688598500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14688598500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025787                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025787                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059318                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059318                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.047648                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047648                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11745.938464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11745.938464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27122.595306                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27122.595306                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7464.622642                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7464.622642                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  3931.432768                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3931.432768                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17640.712545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17640.712545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17640.712545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17640.712545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     8308581                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      3643                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    5825594                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     1436                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    1965                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   138                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      248                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 8312224                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                5827030                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         14134175                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           5079                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     14139254                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    33188757                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      2171                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    1495                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                33190928                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         33188757                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           2171                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     33190928                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2364324282                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   32578272                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     41082658                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             37307259                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  6793                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     961975                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      3732574                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    37307259                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         6793                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          213628675                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          39450611                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                4535                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               2260                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     14671912                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    8630468                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   6041444                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1868307269.461274                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              496017012.538726                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.209792                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.790208                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                   43897                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                469210                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse               478.783126                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                32719031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                469722                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                 69.656160                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle           92024110500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   478.783126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.935123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.935123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     32719031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       32719031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     32719031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        32719031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     32719031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       32719031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       469722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       469722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       469722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        469722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       469722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       469722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6346616500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6346616500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6346616500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6346616500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6346616500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6346616500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     33188753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     33188753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     33188753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     33188753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     33188753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     33188753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13511.431230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13511.431230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13511.431230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13511.431230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13511.431230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13511.431230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       469722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       469722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       469722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       469722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       469722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       469722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5407172500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5407172500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5407172500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5407172500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5407172500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5407172500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      4406000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      4406000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      4406000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      4406000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11511.431230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11511.431230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11511.431230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11511.431230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11511.431230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11511.431230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                291698                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse               472.096881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                11957476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                292067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                 40.940866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle           83625331000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   472.096881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.922064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.922064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      6944335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6944335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      4825513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4825513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        81763                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        81763                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        82710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        82710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     11769848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        11769848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     11769848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       11769848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       170295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       170295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       149789                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       149789                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        11069                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11069                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data        10034                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10034                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       320084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        320084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       320084                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       320084                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2151167000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2151167000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4518557500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4518557500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     92001000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     92001000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     51654000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     51654000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6669724500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6669724500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6669724500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6669724500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      7114630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7114630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      4975302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4975302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        92832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        92832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        92744                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        92744                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     12089932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12089932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     12089932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12089932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.119237                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.119237                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.108190                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.108190                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12632.003288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12632.003288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 30166.150385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30166.150385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8311.590930                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8311.590930                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5147.897150                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5147.897150                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20837.419240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20837.419240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20837.419240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20837.419240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       265120                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           265120                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       170295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       170295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       149789                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       149789                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        11069                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        11069                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10028                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        10028                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       320084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       320084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       320084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       320084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1810577000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1810577000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4218979500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4218979500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     69863000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69863000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     31600000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31600000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         1000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         1000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6029556500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6029556500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6029556500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6029556500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 168626695000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 168626695000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  17666887000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  17666887000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 186293582000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 186293582000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030107                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030107                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.119237                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119237                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.108126                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108126                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10632.003288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10632.003288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28166.150385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28166.150385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6311.590930                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6311.590930                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3151.176705                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3151.176705                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18837.419240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18837.419240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18837.419240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18837.419240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 446757532781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 446757532781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 446757532781                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 446757532781                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
